Refresh token issue (#539)
okta/okta-sdk-dotnet: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog
Running changelog of releases since `3.1.1`

> ## v5.5.0

Reviewer: Since this is a bug fix, shouldn't this be a patch?

### Bug Fixes

> - Fix Api call not retried on token expiration (PrivateKey mode) (#535)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix the issue "SDK doesn't retry a call to the server when the token has expired" (PrivateKey mode) (#535)
```
